This week we did our initial planning and prep sessions for the project while learning about FastApi and inner and outer joins in SQL. Our team appears to be good on the planning piece of the project but will need to focus on back-end development and using either NoSQL or Postgres.

Week of 2/26:
We were able to get ahead and have completed implementation of postgres db, creating user endpoints and got our JWTdown authentication up and running allowing for login/logout functionality and hashing the passwords prior to storing them in the endpoints. Our planning is complete, we have issues open for the endpoints we will need and have assigned out initial endpoints that satisfy requirements for grading. All the other endpoints will be picked up first come first serve and we will create issues for the front end of the application next week. On Wednesday of next week we are going to take a temperature check and see how we are feeling overall and if the vibe is right we are going to talk about exploring tailwind as our front end library instead of using bootstrap. My only concerns are that one of the dogs got in the trash today and will probably get sick later and not being to forceful when trying to avoid scope creep while still allowing for adaption to change.

Week of 3/4:
The team continues to drive ahead and will likely be done with MVP by midweek next week. This week we completed our endpoints tied to the MVP and finished up the backend authoriztion on applicable endpoints. Front end development continues, I have only completed 1 front end component that has yet to be pushed to main however the component I am working on will be part of an user admin page and require dynamic rendering based on the logged in user so I am working on storing the user ID from the token in a global state using an RTK query and have figured out the logic needed to render the elments of the 6 API calls that will require them for the admin page.
